Update reportPath info (#3325)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/deploy/migrate/migrate-to-600.md

1.  Configure the migration report path using the `reportPath` value in the `<IS_HOME>/migration-resources/migration-config.yaml` file. 

    !!! info

>         This path should be one of the following:    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This path should be **one** of the following:    
```

>         This path should be one of the following:    
>           - Create a text file. Provide the absolute path for that text file.
>           - Create separate directories to store dry run reports and provide its absolute path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Use **one** of the following methods when configuring the report path:    
          - Create a text file. Provide the absolute path for that text file for all `reportPath` parameters. All results from the dry run will be appended to this text file.
          - Create separate directories to store dry run reports of every migrator having the `reportPath` parameter. Provide the absolute paths of these directories for the `reportPath` of the relevant migrator. Dry run result of each migrator will be created in their specific report directories according to the timestamp.
```
